Artificial amateurs aren't at all
amazing Analytically, I assault,
animate things Broken barriers
bounded by the bomb beat
Buildings are broken, basically
I'm bombarding Casually create
catastrophes, casualties
Canceling cats got their canopies
collapsing Detonate a dime of
dank daily doin' dough
Demonstrations, Don Dada on the
down low Eatin' other editors
with each and every
energeticEpileptic episode,
elevated etiquette Furious fat
fabulous fantastic Flurries of
funk felt feeding the fanatics
Gift got great global goods gone
glorious Gettin' Godly in his
game with the goriestHit 'em
high, hella height, historical
Hey holocaust hints hear 'em
holler at your homeboy
